feat: datasets revamp (#527)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/concepts/index.mdx

## Datasets

> Datasets are the cornerstone of the LangSmith evaluation workflow. They consist of examples that provide inputs and, optionally,
> expected `reference` outputs for assessing your AI application. Each example in a dataset is a data point with an `inputs`
> dictionary, an optional `outputs` dictionary, and an optional `metadata` dictionary. The `outputs` dictionary, if present,
> contains information for your evaluator(s) that remains hidden from the function being evaluated. It may include a `reference`
> key (expected output or label, or additional context), example-specific `criteria`, information the function `must_include`
> and `must_exclude` for that particular example, or any other information to check your system's outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dataset is a collection of examples used for evaluating an application. Each example has:
- `inputs`: a dictionary of input variables to pass to your application
- `outputs` (optional): a dictionary of reference outputs. These do not get passed to your application, they are only used in evaluators
- `metadata` (optional): a dictionary of additional information that can be used to create filtered views of a dataset
```
